MODES: Update manual (#1424)
dftbplus/dftbplus: doc/dftb+/manual/modes.tex

\item[\is{Hessian}] Contains the second derivatives matrix of the
  system energy with respect to atomic positions. See
  p.~\pref{sec:modes.Hessian}.
  
  There are two different ways to specify the Hessian matrix elements,

>   explicit specification and using the \iscb{DirectRead} method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  explicit specification and using the \iscb{DirectRead} from a file.
```

Author: Applied.
